I agree. Its the first time I've felt this confident in anything that I've done with this EMF stuff. As an outsider, ousider's syndrome isn't so much a syndrome. But this feels really, really good. I have a lot about stuff in that review--it's really fabulous for EMF over-all. There was some Einstein stuff in there that was the first I'd heard and wow. There's good stuff, it shows how close everyone was. How they can feel they're getting to the geometry but it's like there arese unexpted warps all the time and we just figured out why that is--I feel like EMF is going to really simplify things. I'm not sure because I'm so far out over my head in the math but that's almost the reason I believe that as we continue to define EMF we're going to get a new geometry. I just feel that once you know the bounds or the system--and thats another way of looking at what we've done here--we've found a good fundamental set of basic foundational physical undersanding--and obviously there's going to be a 'why' even a 'how' behihind this new understanding--this, EMF, giving us a framework for regular people to understand things that we thought were much more mysterious. Especially its the more fundamental geometry of the thing because it really locks in what we know already to tie it direclty to what we saw and determined and why we determined it--it's like finding it out o this level isn't about a relativity thing--yesterday I got in a fight with an AI because it got super defensive that I was suggesting that if this paper is true then velocity is a serious problem AND that means time dilations is related to energy release because velocity requires distance and distance doesn't work in our universe.